tutorial 2023 (#2077)
RoboJackets/robocup-software: docs/source/tutorial.rst

`online <https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/>`_ or from the "Contributing"
page).

Once you've installed, play around with the simulator a little bit. Be familiar 
with how to move the ball (click), take a shot (right click and drag), move a robot

> (click and drag), and issue the basic referee commands: stop, halt, and force start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(click and drag).
```

Reviewer: Since the check mark is the only button that works, I would delete this part.

Author: I don't believe this is correct unless something changed very recently. I used stop and halt extensively. The ball placement & penalty kick commands do not work, but they are not mentioned.

For instance, the author's branch would be named
``kevin-fu/robocup-sw-tutorial``.

Launch soccer (our UI) and the ER-force simulator, same way as you did in the 
installation guide. Press the green check mark. You should see four wallers
and one goalie move into position. Click anywhere on the field to place the 
ball in that location. You should see all five robots move between the ball
and the goal.

Open the file ``soccer/src/soccer/strategy/agent/position/waller.cpp``. 
Find the line of code that calculates the ``wall_spacing`` and double its value.

Re-build the project (``make again``) and run the simulator again. You should
see the wallers more spread out. Note that this is probably a less effective wall!

> This change is just for educational purposes. Take a screenshot of your new wall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change is just for educational purposes. 

**Take a screenshot of your new wall.***
```

Reviewer: I think that we should make the action parts of the tutorial bolded so that they aren't missed.

Just try your best, one step at a time, and eventually you'll have a working
piece of software to be proud of.

7. Action Clients and building a position
-----------------------------------------

Background
~~~~~~~~~~~

> This section is one last ROS tutorial. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This last section introduces more concepts of ROS and our strategy. 
```

> First, read this page and do some research if you need to to get an Understanding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, read this page and do some research if you need to get an understanding
```

of ROS actions. Our strategy stack is centered around an Action Server and six
Action Clients, each of which represent a robot on the field. 

> Also take a second to understand the difference within our stack between
> strategy and planning. Strategy is responsible for high level decisions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, take a second to understand the difference between
strategy and planning in our stack. Strategy is responsible for high level decisions,
```

> such as where a robot should be moving to, if it should be kicking, and
> how it should react to other robots and the referee. Planning is responsible
> for taking the instructions from strategy and turn them into trajectories
> for a robot to follow and specific commands a physical robot can execute,
> which are relayed to our physical robots by the radio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as robot movement, kicking procedure, robot communication, and referee interaction. Planning is responsible
for taking the instructions from strategy and turning them into trajectories and commands a robot can execute,
which are relayed to our physical robots by the radio.
```

The Action Server is housed by the Planner node, which is the node responsible for turning requests

> for robot actions into actual trajectories for the robot to follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for robot actions into trajectories for the robot to follow.
```

> The Action Clients are housed in AgentActionClient nodes, which contains some 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Action Clients are created by the AgentActionClient node which contain some 
```

other useful subscriptions to get information about the field and referee.

> At any given time, a given AgentActionClient is playing a single position. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At any given time, an AgentActionClient is playing a single position. 
```

> Take a look through ``agent_action_client.cpp`` to get an understanding of how
> that works. It creates a Position instance and asks said Position for its task,
> which it then relays to the planner using ROS actions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates a Position instance and checks for its task,
which it then relays to the planner using ROS actions. Take a look through ``agent_action_client.cpp`` to get a better understanding of this process. 
```

> As you can see, strategy decisions are delegated to the Positions. This makes some
> sense with respect to soccer—players play differently based on their position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strategy decisions are delegated to the Positions. This makes
sense with respect to soccer—players play differently based on their position.
```

There are three major positions: Offense, Defense, and Goalie. You may see
some others, but these are only for special game cases.

Take some time to read through Offense, Defense, and Goalie, paying special 
attention to how they each implement ``state_to_task`` and ``update_state``.
This is called a finite state machine, and it is a crucial concept to get the 

> hang of. Here's `a simple article to get you started.<https://medium.com/@mlbors/what-is-a-finite-state-machine-6d8dec727e2c>`_
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hang of. Here's `a simple article to get you started <https://medium.com/@mlbors/what-is-a-finite-state-machine-6d8dec727e2c>`_

```

Reviewer: The formatting needed to be fixed.

Instructions
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This is the most open-ended part of the tutorial, but you got this! 

> Remember, if you get stuck, ask your peers first. We're a very collaborative
> team. If you're still stuck, your software lead is happy to give you some hints
> and troubleshoot bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember, if you get stuck, ask Google first. Then, check with your peers. We're a very collaborative
team. If you're still stuck, your software lead is happy to give you some hints
and troubleshoot bugs.
```

Your task is to create a new position, like Offense, Defense, or Goalie. Your
new position will be called Runner. Note that this class is not a ROS node
like the last class you made, but it will be a subclass of ``position.hpp``. 

Some useful resources will be the `classes<https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/classes-and-class-members/>`_

> and `inheritance<https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/basic-inheritance-in-c/>`_ C++ tutorials.

Reviewer: I would put these resources in a bulleted list.

Your runner will be a robot that takes laps around the field. It should run in a rectangle that you choose.
If you're feeling creative, the shape it runs in can be any polygon with 4 or more sides. 

A runner's process looks like this:

#. Run along first side of shape 
#. Continue until done
#. Run along second side of shape
#. Continue until done
#. Run along third side of shape
#. Continue until done

etc, starting over when it finishes the shape.

Hopefully, you're seeing how this list lends nicely to a state machine, where states are sides
and you know to switch states based on when the robot has reached a vertex (the end of its path).

You will need to look through the other positions to figure out the details of creating this position,
but here are some more hints.

* The motion command for driving in a straight line is ``"path_target"``.

> * You will probably need to override some methods relating to passing, but you can leave their implementations empty. They don't need to do anything in your position, as your robot will not pass the ball

Reviewer: I don't understand what you were referring to with this comment.

Author: in order to create a new position, virtual methods `derived_acknowledge_pass`, `derived_pass_ball`, and `derived_acknowledge_ball_in_transit` need to be overridden (but their implementations may be left blank for this exercise)
